{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16500\viewh24600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 To Add:\
\'95 Montfort\'92s Twisty Little stuff\
\'95 Digital Deli Timeline\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'95 Get Lick writing on dynamic modeling (see Waldrop for big bibliography on this).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'95 101 basic games content\
\'95\'a0Tag arpa funding targets (rand, sdc, berkeley, sail, Mac, carnegie tech, Sri)in 1962. I think 63 it starts\
\
Shannon stuff on hold:\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 , THROBAC I, approx. date find exact in collected papers I think, tag:play, tag:computer\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 , juggling machine, Shannon hybrid mechanical, primary\
, X-system, WWII Shannon voice encryption\
, Shannon works for bush\
\
Punt:\
, Russian computers\
LGP-30, librascope , tag:computer, tag:drum\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf0 , GPU integrated with CPU (Intel)\
, GPU used heavily by OS\
, ESA talks about income of game industry v film\
, Congress & Games (ESRB basically captures this already).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 , Remington rand buys EMC (eckert-mauchly corp).\
, bbn gets pdp#0,1, lick builds edu games\
, GNU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf0 , DARPA Planx; dist. simulation stuff; history of their simulations...\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 , Dynamic Modeling Group at project mac, tag:lick\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf0 \
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'95 Compile all game data from MAME, to graph arcade game hardware by year, colored by microprocessor. Could we do same with mobygames? (and thus get games by platform/year, for apple II, etc...)\
\
\
Forrestor, Babbage, and others (who else in this story?) start down road to computer see the end and lose sight of original practical application.\
\
\
Mechanical, electro-m, vacuum, transistor, IC (chips)\
\
Mainframe (office, punch) v electronics industry lineages (whirlwind)\
\
Examples of analog human computting are infinite. Hutchins navigation, etc... Does it become CS when we start to reason and optimize and design these processes? Also, all is external, like Hutchins model. Does this externalized social model extend to pen and paper calculation, abacuses, as Hutchins suggests?\
\
Glass bead game\
\
Arcades, bars, Pinball, electromechanical games, and over horizon into carnival games..., folk play (darts, ...).}